Feature/new guides (#9)
RedisInsight/Guides: guides/quick-guides/time-series/creating-a-time-series.md

1. Create and delete a time series.

Let's create a new time series.

```redis Create
TS.CREATE // Creates a new time series
    sensor1 // Keyname for the time series
    LABELS // Adds a label that can be either string or numeric values. Labels are key-value metadata we attach to data points, allowing us to group and filter. 
    area_id 32 // Label with area_id = 32
    region east // Label with region = east
    
```

> We can get all the information and statistics about time series created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `TS.INFO` command to get all the information and statistics about a time series.
```

> ```redis Read

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```redis Get Time Series Information
```

TS.INFO sensor1 // Returns information and statistics on sensor1
 
TS.QUERYINDEX area_id=32 // Get all the time series matching with area_id=32

```

Let's delete a time series.

```redis Delete
EXPIRE sensor1 120 // Sets expiration of the time series to 120 seconds
 

> DEL sensor1 // Deletes the entire time series

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DEL sensor1 // Deletes the entire time series immediately
```

```

2. Manage data points

You can append new samples to your time series. Note that if the series does not exist, it will be automatically created.
```redis Add
TS.ADD // Adds a new data point
    sensor1 // Keyname for the time series
    1626434637914 // Timestamp
    26 // Value
 
TS.MADD // Adds multiple data points to a time series
    sensor1 // Keyname for the first time series
    1626435637914 // Timestamp
    28 // Value

>     sensor1 // Keyname for the second time series, which can be a different one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    sensor1 // Keyname for the second time series, which can be different
```

    * // Timestamp
    35 // Value
 
TS.ADD 
    sensor1

>     * // Will use  the current timestamp

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * // Will use the current timestamp
```

    50
    
```

Let's get the last sample and the last sample matching the specific filter.

```redis Read
TS.GET sensor1 // Gets the last sample in the time series
 
TS.MGET FILTER area_id=32 // Returns the last sample from a time series with area_id=32

```

> You can also update existing time series.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also update an existing time series using the `TS.ALTER` command.
```

> ```redis Update

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```redis Update a Time Series
```
